{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang6153{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\fs32\lang10 Clever Coinbase Card Overview\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone The card itself is a regular Coinbase VISA Debit Card\par
It is the system that supports it that makes it clever.\par
The card is the end-point for the "Daily Limit".\par
The user must decide on  daily amount to which their card receives as a daily top-up. All other funds stay in the system.\par
The main balance consists of  deposit, which is made in one of the following ways -\par
1\tab The user themselves provides the deposit\par
2\tab A third party investor\par
3\tab There is no balance to speak of (less than $1000)\par
Let us say that we are under condition 1 and that the user has provided their own deposit of $50,000 from personal finances. Now the product that we are using has a scheme pays the referer of  a user 50% as a commission on initial deposits, but we will not take our commission so as to boost the balance. The balance is now $75,000 on day one.\par
Now we start to run the bot on the balance so it increses with evey day that passes. A figure queted by Coinbase themselves as a daily %\'e1ge gain is 0.28%, so that we can expect our initial $75,000  to have increased by $210.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \par
So without any other inputs from the user, they would have $210 to spend every day. But we are not finished there. We have the PI() profits to consider, and then the daily freebies of BTC. And also the profits generated by the work done by the user himself, for which he has been paid into his account. I would say that an average user working just two hours per day would generate at least $100.\par
Lets say that the balance increases by $310 a day amd that he spends the $210 limit which he set for himself. The next day the initial balance would be $75,100 and the proccess would repeat on the larger amount. He would not incease his limit, and the initial daily balance woul grow.\par
He has not deposited any of the money he earns at work, and he has a foolproof system that will last forever.\par
Now let\'b4s consider condition 2, where a third party investor puts up the initial balance of $50,000 and is only interested in the financial rewards. In this case, we take our commision of $25,000 and the two parties agree on a lower daily limit of $100 and the investor must be paid every day so that for the user to receive the $210 he wants, he must workthat bit harder, or spend less.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1\'a1pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \par
}
